data_protection.md, before:

# Privacy and Data Protection
Thank you for using peercoin-flutter.

This app treats your data very carefully.
It will connect to an electrum server and exchange transaction and blockchain related messages with it following the [electrumx-protocol](https://electrumx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/protocol-basics.html "electrumx-protocol").
The data shared is essentially the same, as if you would use a peercoin full node.

By default, no data beyond that will leave your device.  
This app **stores all necessary data locally** on your device. 
There is **no analytics**- **or advertising** software inside.

**Optional Price Ticker**  
The price ticker for PPC and FIAT exchange rates can be enabled or disabled optionally during setup or in "App Settings."

**Optional Background Notifications**  
Background notifications can be enabled or disabled optionally during setup or in "App Settings."

The ticker and background notifications API are hosted as "Cloudflare Workers" on Cloudflare.  
Cloudflare Privacy Policy: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/

Ticker source code: 
https://github.com/bananenwilly/ppc-worker-ticker

Background Notification API source code:
https://github.com/bananenwilly/ppc-worker-address-status

Commit message:

refactor: update ROAST group setup to include experimental feature warning and modify group creation text

data_protection.md, after:

# Privacy and Data Protection
Thank you for using peercoin-flutter.

This app treats your data very carefully.
It will connect to an electrum server and exchange transaction and blockchain related messages with it following the [electrumx-protocol](https://electrumx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/protocol-basics.html "electrumx-protocol").
The data shared is essentially the same, as if you would use a peercoin full node.

By default, no data beyond that will leave your device.  
This app **stores all necessary data locally** on your device. 
There is **no analytics**- **or advertising** software inside.

**Optional Price Ticker**  
The price ticker for PPC and FIAT exchange rates can be enabled or disabled optionally during setup or in "App Settings."

**Optional Background Notifications**  
Background notifications can be enabled or disabled optionally during setup or in "App Settings."

The price ticker API is hosted as "Cloudflare Workers" on Cloudflare.  
Cloudflare Privacy Policy: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/

Ticker source code: 
https://github.com/bananenwilly/ppc-worker-ticker

**Optional ROAST Group**
Using the experimental ROAST Feature requires a connection to a Marisma-protocol gRPC server, hosted by the peercoin_flutter team. The hardcoded URLs (marisma.ppc.lol) can not be configured so at time of writing.
Marisma's source code is going to be released soon.
